README.md, before:

# JSHint, A Static Code Analysis Tool for JavaScript

\[ [Use it online](http://jshint.com/) •
[Docs](http://jshint.com/docs/) • [FAQ](http://jshint.com/docs/faq) •
[Install](http://jshint.com/install/) •
[Contribute](http://jshint.com/contribute/) •
[Blog](http://jshint.com/blog/) • [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jshint/) \]

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jshint)
[![Linux Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/jshint/jshint/master.svg?style=flat&label=Linux%20build)](https://travis-ci.org/jshint/jshint)
[![Windows Build status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/jshint/jshint/master.svg?style=flat&label=Windows%20build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jshint/jshint/branch/master)
[![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/jshint/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://david-dm.org/jshint/jshint)
[![devDependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/jshint/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://david-dm.org/jshint/jshint#info=devDependencies)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/jshint/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://coveralls.io/r/jshint/jshint?branch=master)

JSHint is a community-driven tool to detect errors and potential problems in
JavaScript code and to enforce your team's coding conventions. It is very
flexible so you can easily adjust it to your particular coding guidelines and
the environment you expect your code to execute in. JSHint is open source and
will always stay this way.

## Our goal

The goal of this project is to help JavaScript developers write complex programs
without worrying about typos and language gotchas.

Any code base eventually becomes huge at some point, and simple mistakes—that
would not show themselves when written—can become show stoppers and waste
hours of debugging. And this is when static code analysis tools come into play
and help developers to spot such problems. JSHint scans a program written in
JavaScript and reports about commonly made mistakes and potential bugs. The
potential problem could be a syntax error, a bug due to implicit type
conversion, a leaking variable or something else.

Only 15% of all programs linted on [jshint.com](http://jshint.com) pass the
JSHint checks. In all other cases, JSHint finds some red flags that could've
been bugs or potential problems.

Please note, that while static code analysis tools can spot many different kind
of mistakes, it can't detect if your program is correct, fast or has memory
leaks. You should always combine tools like JSHint with unit and functional
tests as well as with code reviews.

## Reporting a bug

To report a bug simply create a
[new GitHub Issue](https://github.com/jshint/jshint/issues/new) and describe
your problem or suggestion. We welcome all kinds of feedback regarding
JSHint including but not limited to:

 * When JSHint doesn't work as expected
 * When JSHint complains about valid JavaScript code that works in all browsers
 * When you simply want a new option or feature

Before reporting a bug look around to see if there are any open or closed tickets
that cover your issue. And remember the wisdom: pull request > bug report > tweet.

## Who uses JSHint?

Engineers from these companies and projects use JSHint:

* [Mozilla](https://www.mozilla.org/)
* [Wikipedia](https://wikipedia.org/)
* [Facebook](https://facebook.com/)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/)
* [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Disqus](https://disqus.com/)
* [Medium](https://medium.com/)
* [Yahoo!](https://yahoo.com/)
* [SmugMug](http://smugmug.com/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
* [PDF.js](http://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js)
* [Coursera](http://coursera.com/)
* [Adobe Brackets](http://brackets.io/)
* [Apache Cordova](http://cordova.io/)
* [RedHat](http://redhat.com/)
* [SoundCloud](http://soundcloud.com/)
* [Nodejitsu](http://nodejitsu.com/)
* [Yelp](https://yelp.com/)
* [Voxer](http://voxer.com/)
* [EnyoJS](http://enyojs.com/)
* [QuickenLoans](http://quickenloans.com/)
* [oDesk](http://www.odesk.com/)
* [Cloud9](http://c9.io/)
* [CodeClimate](https://codeclimate.com/)
* [Pandoo TEK](http://pandootek.com/)
* [Zendesk](http://zendesk.com/)
* [Apache CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org/)

And many more!

## License

Most files are published using [the standard MIT Expat
license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#Expat). One file,
however, is provided under a slightly modified version of that license. The
so-called [JSON license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#JSON)
is a non-free license, and unfortunately, we can't change it due to historical
reasons. This license is included as an in-line within the file it concerns.

## The JSHint Team

JSHint is currently maintained by [Rick Waldron](https://github.com/rwaldron/),
[Caitlin Potter](https://github.com/caitp/), [Mike
Pennisi](https://github.com/jugglinmike/), and [Luke
Page](https://github.com/lukeapage).

## Previous Maintainers

Originating from the JSLint project in 2010, JSHint has been maintained by a
number of dedicated individuals. In chronological order, they are: Douglas
Crockford, Anton Kovalyov, and Mike Sherov. We appreciate their long-term
commitment!

## Thank you!

We really appreciate all kinds of feedback and contributions. Thanks for using and supporting JSHint!

Commit message:

Update README.md (#2739)
* Update README.md

Fixing grammar, making words more streamline, adding that Google also uses JSHint

* Update README.md

Following caitp's note: "We've been moving away from code style conventions, might be better to leave that out"

* Update README.md

Following line note and adding more edits

README.md, after:

# JSHint, A Static Code Analysis Tool for JavaScript

\[ [Use it online](http://jshint.com/) •
[Docs](http://jshint.com/docs/) • [FAQ](http://jshint.com/docs/faq) •
[Install](http://jshint.com/install/) •
[Contribute](http://jshint.com/contribute/) •
[Blog](http://jshint.com/blog/) • [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jshint/) \]

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jshint)
[![Linux Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/jshint/jshint/master.svg?style=flat&label=Linux%20build)](https://travis-ci.org/jshint/jshint)
[![Windows Build status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/jshint/jshint/master.svg?style=flat&label=Windows%20build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jshint/jshint/branch/master)
[![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/jshint/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://david-dm.org/jshint/jshint)
[![devDependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/jshint/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://david-dm.org/jshint/jshint#info=devDependencies)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/jshint/jshint.svg?style=flat)](https://coveralls.io/r/jshint/jshint?branch=master)

JSHint is a community-driven tool that detects errors and potential problems in
JavaScript code. Since JSHint is so flexible, you can easily adjust it in 
the environment you expect your code to execute. JSHint is open source and
will always stay this way.

## Our goal

The project aims to help JavaScript developers write complex programs
without worrying about typos and language gotchas.

Any code base eventually becomes huge at some point, so simple mistakes — that
would not show themselves when written — can become show stoppers and add 
extra hours of debugging. So, static code analysis tools come into play
and help developers spot such problems. JSHint scans a program written in
JavaScript and reports about commonly made mistakes and potential bugs. The
potential problem could be a syntax error, a bug due to an implicit type
conversion, a leaking variable, or something else entirely.

Only 15% of all programs linted on [jshint.com](http://jshint.com) pass the
JSHint checks. In all other cases, JSHint finds some red flags that could've
been bugs or potential problems.

Please note, that while static code analysis tools can spot many different kind
of mistakes, it can't detect if your program is correct, fast or has memory
leaks. You should always combine tools like JSHint with unit and functional
tests as well as with code reviews.

## Reporting a bug

To report a bug simply create a
[new GitHub Issue](https://github.com/jshint/jshint/issues/new) and describe
your problem or suggestion. We welcome all kinds of feedback regarding
JSHint including but not limited to:

 * When JSHint doesn't work as expected
 * When JSHint complains about valid JavaScript code that works in all browsers
 * When you simply want a new option or feature

Before reporting a bug, please look around to see if there are any open or closed tickets
that discuss your issue, and remember the wisdom: pull request > bug report > tweet.

## Who uses JSHint?

Engineers from these companies and projects use JSHint:

* [Mozilla](https://www.mozilla.org/)
* [Wikipedia](https://wikipedia.org/)
* [Facebook](https://facebook.com/)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/)
* [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Disqus](https://disqus.com/)
* [Medium](https://medium.com/)
* [Yahoo!](https://yahoo.com/)
* [SmugMug](http://smugmug.com/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
* [PDF.js](http://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js)
* [Coursera](http://coursera.com/)
* [Adobe Brackets](http://brackets.io/)
* [Apache Cordova](http://cordova.io/)
* [RedHat](http://redhat.com/)
* [SoundCloud](http://soundcloud.com/)
* [Nodejitsu](http://nodejitsu.com/)
* [Yelp](https://yelp.com/)
* [Voxer](http://voxer.com/)
* [EnyoJS](http://enyojs.com/)
* [QuickenLoans](http://quickenloans.com/)
* [oDesk](http://www.odesk.com/)
* [Cloud9](http://c9.io/)
* [CodeClimate](https://codeclimate.com/)
* [Pandoo TEK](http://pandootek.com/)
* [Zendesk](http://zendesk.com/)
* [Apache CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org/)
* [Google](https://www.google.com/)

And many more!

## License

Most files are published using [the standard MIT Expat
license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#Expat). One file,
however, is provided under a slightly modified version of that license. The
so-called [JSON license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#JSON)
is a non-free license, and unfortunately, we can't change it due to historical
reasons. This license is included as an in-line within the file it concerns.

## The JSHint Team

JSHint is currently maintained by [Rick Waldron](https://github.com/rwaldron/),
[Caitlin Potter](https://github.com/caitp/), [Mike
Pennisi](https://github.com/jugglinmike/), and [Luke
Page](https://github.com/lukeapage).

## Previous Maintainers

Originating from the JSLint project in 2010, JSHint has been maintained by a
number of dedicated individuals. In chronological order, they are: Douglas
Crockford, Anton Kovalyov, and Mike Sherov. We appreciate their long-term
commitment!

## Thank you!

We really appreciate all kinds of feedback and contributions. Thanks for using and supporting JSHint!
